docs: Update autoscaling docs to nudge towards using bucketSsmLookup (#1005)
guardian/riff-raff: riff-raff/public/docs/howto/configure-a-project.md

 1. A riff-raff.yaml file containing:
     a. the regions and stacks that you want to deploy to (the stack is important - it must match the tags on the AWS 
        account credentials you wish to use and the stack tags on your autoscaling group)

>      a. a deployment of type `autoscaling` and an S3 target bucket location defined - ideally using `bucketSsmLookup` as [bucket names are considered private information](https://github.com/guardian/recommendations/blob/main/github.md#private-information), but optionally specifying a S3 bucket name in the `bucket` parameter if your repository is private

Reviewer: Gosh, I totally forgot about these docs, I wonder if we can point to these [other docs](https://riffraff.gutools.co.uk/docs/magenta-lib/types#autoscaling) instead to avoid repetition?

I'd also suggest a repositories visibility shouldn't impact how a bucket is defined, and SSM parameters should be preferred (we should really remove the `bucket` option entirely now!).

```suggestion
     a. a deployment of type `autoscaling` and an S3 target bucket location defined. By default Riff-Raff will use the value in the SSM parameter `/account/services/artifact.bucket`. This can be customised with `bucketSsmKey` if necessary. See https://riffraff.gutools.co.uk/docs/magenta-lib/types#autoscaling for full detail.
```
